# common problem

1. Error `this tool does not support template version "va.bc"`

    The Template Version saved in the compressed package loaded does not match the version supported by the current `image-tool` version.

    Please ensure that the version of the tool when saving the image to the compressed package is the same as that of the tool when loading the compressed package by load.

    | Template Version | `hangar` version |
    | :--------------: | :---------------: |
    | `v1.0.0` | `v1.0.0` ~ `v1.2.3-rc1` |
    | `v1.1.0` | `v1.3.0` ~ latest |

2. Error `manifest unknown: manifest unknown'`

    `manifest unknown` means that the image was not found, please check the image in the image list.

    Try to use `skopeo inspect docker:// --raw | jq` to check whether the Manifest of the image can be obtained.

3. Error reporting `unsupported MIME type`

    The `mediaType` format of the Manifest of the source image is not supported.

    This tool supports the following types of `mediaType`:

    - `application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.list.v2+json`
    - `application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json`
    - `application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v1+json`

    You can use `skopeo inspect docker:// --raw | jq` to get the `mediaType` of the Manifest of the source image.

4. Error `no image available for specified arch list`

    The architecture of the image to be copied does not match the architecture specified by the `-a` parameter.

5. Error `failed to read from destination repository : 400 (Bad Request)` is reported

    This error is generated by Harbor, and the Project is not specified when Mirroring / Loading the target image.

    You can use the `-repo-type=harborparameter` set the type of the target mirror warehouse as Harbor, and use the `-default-project=libraryparameter` to set the name of the project created by default. When the target image does not specify a Project, Project will be automatically added to the image name `library`.
